Add `proximity_placement_group_id` to AKS node pools (#9195)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/kubernetes_cluster_node_pool.html.markdown

* `priority` - (Optional) The Priority for Virtual Machines within the Virtual Machine Scale Set that powers this Node Pool. Possible values are `Regular` and `Spot`. Defaults to `Regular`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `proximity_placement_group_id` - (Optional) The ID of `azurerm_proximity_placement_group` where the Virtual Machine Scale Set that powers this Node Pool will be placed.

Reviewer: can we make this:

```suggestion
* `proximity_placement_group_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Proximity Placement Group where the Virtual Machine Scale Set that powers this Node Pool will be placed. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```
